What is an IPO prospectus? What does it look like?
Well, when I worked at Goldman Sachs,
this was the prospectus that the company used when they wanted to go public.
And so, on the cover you can see you've got the name of the lead investment banker,
which in this case is Goldman – of course they chose themselves.
Then you've got the other firms,
you've got Bear Stearns,
which no longer exists; Lehman,
which no longer exists, wow; Morgan Stanley,
which is great; Credit Suisse,
which is awesome; and a bunch of other firms as well.
And it has the number of shares on the top here.
And then when you open it up,
you get the use of proceeds,
meaning what are they gonna use the money for that they raised in the IPO.
And part of it is for general business purposes,
maybe acquiring other companies to grow or opening new offices or hiring more people.
And the other part of it is actually to pay their employees, a lot of employees, right?
Goldman for a long time, say, oh, that paid very well.
I didn't get any shares.
I was a little bit too late to that.
I blame my parents. If they had me five years earlier, I'd have money.
Just kidding. OK. You've got just a little bit more information on the company.
You've got every risk you can possibly imagine as well listed in here.
Anyway, this is what it looks like,
and this is also referred to as an S-1, OK?
So, you can go to sec.gov and do a search on S-1 for any company,
really. So check out Facebook.
Go to sec.gov, the ticker on Facebook is FB,
and then try to find the S-1.
And it has every bit of information you need to know about making
an informed decision before deciding whether or not to participate in an IPO.